Prepare release notes for release 42_7_6 (new format) (#3628)
pgjdbc/pgjdbc: CHANGELOG.md

Notable changes since version 42.0.0, read the complete [History of Changes](https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/changelog.html).

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).
## [Unreleased]

## [42.7.6]

#### Features
• fix: Enhanced DatabaseMetadata.getIndexInfo() method, added index comment as REMARKS property [PR #3513](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3513)
• fix: Added back application name setting [PR #3509](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3509)

> • fix: Deprecated group startup parameters [PR #3613](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3613)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• fix: Use a single simple query for all startup parameters, so groupStartupParameters is no longer needed [PR #3613](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3613)
```

### Performance Improvements

> • performance: Use IN row values instead of UNION ALL for improved query performance (later reverted) [PR #3510](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3510)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• performance: Improve ResultSetMetadata.fetchFieldMetaData by using IN row values instead of UNION ALL for improved query performance (later reverted) [PR #3510](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3510)
```

• test: Added CI executions with adaptive_fetch=true by default for performance testing [PR #bd572f40](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/commit/bd572f40)

> • test: Added tests with reWriteBatchedInserts=true [PR #972cddd9](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/commit/972cddd9)

Reviewer: Those do not seem to belong to `performance improvements` section

## Bug Fixes

### Protocol & Connection Handling

> • fix: Fixed sending extra_float_digits [PR #3491](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3491)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• fix: send extra_float_digits=3 for PostgreSQL 12+ as well [PR #3491](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/3491)
```

Reviewer: Why don't we send extra_float_digits for 12+?
